docs:Update UI Tools page for 3.1 (#1247)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/getting-started/tools/Ch-GUI.md

### Metadata

> The Metadata page (available from the Metadata menu option) provides four tabs to be able to see and manage the basic elements of metadata:  device services, device profiles ,provision watchers and devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Metadata page (available from the Metadata menu option) provides four tabs to be able to see and manage the basic elements of metadata:  device services, device profiles, provision watchers and devices.
```

    ![image](EdgeX_CantRemoveProfile.png)

#### Provision Watcher Tab

> The Provision Watcher Tab on the Metadata page offers you details about all the Provision Watcher known to your EdgeX instance.  Buttons at the top of the tab allow you to add, remove or edit a Provision Watcher (or collection of Provision Watchers when deleting and using the selector checkbox in the Provision Watcher list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Provision Watcher Tab on the Metadata page provides detailed information about all the Provision Watcher known to your EdgeX instance.  Buttons at the top of the tab allow you to add, remove or edit a Provision Watcher (or collection of Provision Watchers when deleting and using the selector checkbox in the Provision Watcher list).
```
